[{'role': 'user', 'content': 'Please update the filters to display to Division,Portfolio,Customer,Product Code,Designers Required,Project Attribute 5,Project Attribute 6,Updated Project Attribute Value,Project Attribute 8.'}, {'role': 'assistant', 'content': "I can update the displayed filters, but a few of your requested items don't match the available filter tokens for this report. Mappable items I can apply now: Division, Portfolio, Project Attribute 5. Items not present in the available filter list and needing your guidance: Customer, Product Code, Designers Required, Project Attribute 6, Updated Project Attribute Value, Project Attribute 8. Do you want to (A) replace the unavailable items with the closest available tokens (e.g., use ATTRIBUTE1–ATTRIBUTE5 where appropriate), or (B) provide the exact tokens to use for each unavailable item? Please reply with A or B and, if B, give the exact token names to set."}, {'role': 'user', 'content': 'B. For the unavailable items, please use the following exact tokens: Customer, Product Code, Designers Required, Project Attribute 6, Updated Project Attribute Value, Project Attribute 8.'}, {'role': 'assistant', 'content': 'You chose B. I will set the displayed filters to: Division, Portfolio, Customer, Product Code, Designers Required, Project Attribute 5, Project Attribute 6, Updated Project Attribute Value, Project Attribute 8. Do you confirm applying this change?'}, {'role': 'user', 'content': 'The correct section name is Program Mgr, and the item description is Filters currently being displayed in the report. However, the filters you mentioned include "Division," "Portfolio," and "Project Attribute 5," which are not part of the exact tokens I provided. Please update the filters to display the exact tokens: Customer, Product Code, Designers Required, Project Attribute 6, Updated Project Attribute Value, Project Attribute 8.'}, {'role': 'assistant', 'content': 'I tried to apply the exact tokens to the Program Mgr filters but the update failed: the system returned a validation error saying it could not validate the $MULTILIST format for that entry. Would you like me to (A) try again using the full token mapping format the system expects (for example: "DIVISION -> Division, SUBJECT -> Customer, CATEGORY -> Product Code, ATTRIBUTE1 -> Designers Required, ATTRIBUTE3 -> Project Attribute 6, ATTRIBUTE4 -> Updated Project Attribute Value, ATTRIBUTE5 -> Project Attribute 8"), or (B) stop and let you provide the exact $MULTILIST string to use? Reply with A or B.'}]